# BA830-Causal-Experiment
As many pieces of research have shown, in this fast-paced society, people value the speed of delivery service. According to Parry(2016), in a study of online shopper behavior, 263 out of 558 individuals are willing to pay more just because they want to get their packages faster. Sometimes, dissatisfaction with the delivery service can lead to order cancellation or even more severe long-term effects for a company, for example, an unrecoverable consumer relationship,  for a company. 

The COVID-19 pandemic challenged our life in many aspects, for example, people are more likely to receive emails from third-party carriers informing them about the potential delay for their packages. But some industries grew fastly during this period, such as fresh delivery services. For this project, we would like to dive into the food delivery service industry. We’d like to take the standpoint of the third-party food delivery service platforms, such as Uber Eats, Chowbus, DoorDash, etc., which connect the restaurants and consumers. We want to analyze when everything holds constant, how the food delivery time interval will affect a consumer’s willingness to place an order. 

We wish our results could help us have a better understanding of the influence of wait time on whether a consumer would choose a service or not, which could be helpful in our career. Also, we wish our result would help food delivery service platforms to gain more profit by providing consumers with a better user experience.
